Incremental Training inside Rasa Open Source (#7498)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/command-line-interface.mdx

which you want to improve, you may specify the path to this by
running `rasa train --finetune <path to model to finetune>`. Finetuning a model usually
requires fewer epochs to train machine learning components like `DIETClassifier`, `ResponseSelector` and `TEDPolicy` compared to training from scratch.
Either use a model configuration for finetuning
which defines fewer epochs than before or use the flag
`--epoch-fraction`. `--epoch-fraction` will use a fraction of the epochs specified for each machine learning component
in the model configuration file. For example, if `DIETClassifier` is configured to use 100 epochs,
specifying `--epoch-fraction 0.5` will only use 50 epochs for finetuning.

You can also finetune an NLU-only or dialogue management-only model by using
`rasa train nlu --finetune` and `rasa train core --finetune` respectively.

To be able to fine tune a model, the following conditions must be met:

1. The configuration supplied should be exactly the same as the
configuration used to train the model which is being finetuned.
The only parameter that you can change is `epochs` for the individual machine learning components and policies.

> 2. The domain supplied should be exactly the same as the domain used to train the model initially. 
> That means no new intents, actions, entities or slots can be added to the domain.
> Only new training examples can be added.

Author: ```suggestion
2. The set of labels(intents, actions and entities or slots) for which the base model is trained should be exactly the same as the ones present in the training data for finetuning. This means that you cannot add new intent, action, entity or slot labels during incremental training. You can still add new training examples for each of the existing labels. If you have added new labels to the training data, it is advisable to train the pipeline from scratch.
```

Author: @wochinge @joejuzl Does this accurately reflect what we discussed on the call?

Reviewer: Yes although maybe `advisable`->`required`?

Author: Good point. Changed it.
